***** Agenda ****

1) Let's split into pairs - you can choose the partner yourself if you want to. If not, let me know
   and I will assign you a random one. :)

2) Once you found your partner, create a private slack channel, invite your partner and trainer. Main
   purpose of this channel will be for you to communicate with trainer if needed.

3) Decide how you will communicate with each other (MS teams / zoom / skype. slack and/or something else)
   and setup your tools. (you can do this later if you want to)

4) Get familiar with practical work topics. (you can find them in practical-work-topics.txt file)
    Hint: google and get familiar with each game and how it works. Decide which one you like the most.
          if you have any questions or un-clarities, ask trainer.

5) Decide and agree which topic you want to work on. Communicate this decision to trainer via slack channel.

6) Setup your github repository and java project. Here are some hints:
    1) Create github account (both of you)
    2) One of you has to create empty git repository (public or private, it's up to you) and invite the other person
        (so both of you can make changes in this repository)
    3) Both of you have to checkout the repository
    4) One of you has to create new java project (hello world program) and commit / push it in this repository
    5) That's it! Now you can both work on your project. Make commits, push changes and share your code :)

7) Start with writing a detailed description of how your program will work and what features will it have:
        1) Write a description of what your program does and how does it work.
        2) Write multiple examples of user inputs and outputs, similar as you saw in exercise E.3.
   Add this description to your repository and send the link to repository to your teacher.

8) Next step is to figure out what to program. Discuss main algorithm /logic, data structures you will use and how
will your program work. You can also write pseudocode if you want to. (https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-write-a-pseudo-code/).

9) Once it is clear for you what to program, now the technical implementation starts. Now you have to use
  the Java knowledge you have learned and write the code. Good luck! :)
